### Exported <code>will-file</code> (<code>out-will-file</code>)

  <code>Out-will-file</code> is a kind of <code>will-file</code> which is generated by the utility during the export of a module. Other modules can use the module by importing its <code>out-will-file</code>.

  The `out-will file` is generated from the original `will-file` completely duplicating it and supplementing by information such as:

  - List of exported files.
  - The current version of the module.
  - Format version.
  - The location of the original `will-file`.

  All this information is recorded in the [exported](SectionExported.md) section of the generated file.

  #### Schematic structure of the `out-will-file`  

  ```
  *.out.will.yml
    ├── format
    ├── about
    ├── path
    ├── submodule
    ├── reflector
    ├── step
    ├── build
    └── exported

  ```

  Properties of the exported `out-will-file`:
  - section-field `format` denotes the format of the file which utility has to execute. It has the value `willfile-1.0.0`.
  - the `about` section is copied from the original `will-file`, the field  `enabled : 1` is added.
  - the `path` section copies the resources from the original file and additionally includes the resources generated by the utility:
    -  `exportedDir.[build]` - paths to exported module directories;  
    - `exportedFiles.[build]`- list of exported files;
    - `archiveFile.[build]` -  path to the archive. The field is present only if by the export archive was created  (`tar : 1`);
  - in the section `reflector` except of the data from the original file, the generated resources are placed;
    - `exported.[build]` - reflector by which the export was created;
    - `exportedFiles. [build]` - reflector with a list of files that were exported;
  - the  `step`,`build`, `submodule` sections are copied unchanged;
  - section `exported`. It is the section generated during the export. It contains the information about the module export. It also has the link to the generated resources and the original `will-file`.
